Small improvements to the OOP chapter (#93)
hsf-training/cpluspluscourse: talk/objectorientation/constructors.tex

  \begin{block}{Concept}
    \begin{itemize}
    \item special constructor called for replicating an object
    \item takes a single parameter of type \mintinline{cpp}{const &} to class

>     \item provided by the compiler if not by the user

Author: Fixed.

>     \item in order to forbid copy, use \mintinline{cpp}{= delete} (coming in 2 slides)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item in order to forbid copy, use \mintinline{cpp}{= delete} (see next slides)
```
Those kind of things go stale quickly.

Author: Yeah, they do. Fixed.

    };
  \end{cppcode}
  \pause

>   \begin{exampleblock}{The rule of 3/5/0 (\cpp98/\cpp11 and newer) - {\color{blue!50!white} \href{https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/rule_of_three}{cppreference}}}

Reviewer: That's very possible in latex. It's in the setup of the hyperref package.

>   \begin{exampleblock}{The rule of 3/5/0 (\cpp98/\cpp11 and newer) - {\color{blue!50!white} \href{https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/rule_of_three}{cppreference}}}

Author: Sure, I know that :) But I did not dare to invade the presentation this much. I quickly grepped for `href` and most often links are represented as `beamergotobutton`, sometimes inconsistently colored. I guess this should be harmonized in a separate stage.

>   \begin{exampleblock}{The rule of 3/5/0 (\cpp98/\cpp11 and newer) - {\color{blue!50!white} \href{https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/rule_of_three}{cppreference}}}

Reviewer: I did it in 97. 🙂 
Will check the buttons after the CI finishes.

    }
    Vector::Vector(const Vector &other) : len(other.len) {
      data = new int[len];
      std::copy(other.data, other.data + len, data);
    }
    Vector::~Vector() { delete[] data; }
  \end{cppcode}
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}[fragile]
  \frametitlecpp[11]{Defaulted Constructor}
  \begin{block}{Idea}
    \begin{itemize}
    \item avoid empty default constructors like \mintinline{cpp}{ClassName() {}}
    \item declare them as \mintinline{cpp}{= default}
    \end{itemize}
  \end{block}
  \begin{block}{Details}
    \begin{itemize}
    \item when no user defined constructor, a default is provided

>     \item any user defined constructor disables the default one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item any user-defined constructor disables the default one
```

Author: Fixed.
